<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/55be10de92aad5ef28000023/train/typescript target="_blank">Color Choice</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><p>You know combinations: for example, if you take <code>5</code> cards from a <code>52</code> cards deck you have <code>2,598,960</code> different combinations.</p><p>In mathematics the number of <code>x</code> combinations you can take from a set of <code>n</code> elementsis called the <em>binomial coefficient of n and x</em>, or more often <code>n choose x</code>.The formula to compute <code>n choose x</code> is:</p><p><code>n! / (x! * (n - x)!)</code></p><p>where <code>!</code> is the factorial operator.</p><p>You are a renowned poster designer and painter. You are asked to provide <code>6</code> posters all having the same design each in <code>2</code> colors. Posters must all have a different color combination and you have the choice of <code>4</code> colors: <code>red, blue, yellow, green</code>. How many colors can you choose for each poster?</p><p>The answer is <strong>two</strong> since <code>4 choose 2 = 6</code>. The combinations will be:<code>{red, blue}, {red, yellow}, {red, green}, {blue, yellow}, {blue, green}, {yellow, green}</code>.</p><p>Now same question but you have <code>35</code> posters to provide and <code>7</code> colors available. How many colors for each poster?If you take combinations <code>7 choose 2</code> you will get <code>21</code> with the above formula.But <code>21</code> schemes aren't enough for <code>35</code> posters. If you take <code>7 choose 5</code> combinations you will get <code>21</code> too.Fortunately if you take <code>7 choose 3</code> or <code>7 choose 4</code> combinations you get <code>35</code> and so each poster will have a different combination of<code>3</code> colors or <code>4</code> colors. You will take <code>3</code> colors because it's less expensive.</p><h4 id="hence-the-problem">Hence the problem:</h4><p>Knowing <code>m</code> (number of posters to design) and <code>n</code> (total number of available colors), let us search <code>x</code>, the number of colors for each poster so that each poster has a unique combination of colors and the number of combinations is exactly the same as the number of posters <code>m</code>.</p><p>In other words, you must find <code>x</code> such that:</p><p><code>n choose x = m</code> </p><p>for a given <code>m &gt;= 0</code> and a given <code>n &gt; 0</code>.If there are several solutions, return the smallest. If there are no solutions, return <code>-1</code>.</p><h4 id="examples">Examples:</h4><pre><code>(m =  6, n = 4) --&gt;  2(m =  4, n = 4) --&gt;  1(m =  4, n = 2) --&gt; -1(m = 35, n = 7) --&gt;  3(m = 36, n = 7) --&gt; -1a = 47129212243960(m = a,     n = 50) --&gt; 20(m = a + 1, n = 50) --&gt; -1</code></pre>