<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/5deeb1cc0d5bc9000f70aa74/train/javascript target="_blank">Will you survive the zombie onslaught?</a></h2><h3>7 kyu</h3><p>I'm afraid you're in a rather unfortunate situation. You've injured your leg, and are unable to walk, and a number of zombies are shuffling towards you, intent on eating your brains. Luckily, you're a crack shot, and have your trusty rifle to hand.</p><p>The zombies start at <code>range</code> metres, and move at <code>0.5</code> metres per second. Each second, you first shoot one zombie, and then the remaining zombies shamble forwards another <code>0.5</code> metres.</p><p>If any zombies manage to get to <code>0</code> metres, you get eaten. If you run out of ammo before shooting all the zombies, you'll also get eaten. To keep things simple, we can ignore any time spent reloading.</p><p>Write a function that accepts the total number of zombies, a range in metres, and the number of bullets you have.</p><p>If you shoot all the zombies, return <code>"You shot all X zombies."</code>If you get eaten before killing all the zombies, and before running out of ammo, return <code>"You shot X zombies before being eaten: overwhelmed."</code>If you run out of ammo before shooting all the zombies, return <code>"You shot X zombies before being eaten: ran out of ammo."</code></p><p>(If you run out of ammo at the same time as the remaining zombies reach you, return <code>"You shot X zombies before being eaten: overwhelmed."</code>.)</p><p>Good luck! (I think you're going to need it.)</p>