<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/577ff873d648a1c5a9000143/train/javascript target="_blank">Recursion: An introduction</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><p><strong>If you want to skip the lesson on recursion and go straight to the task, scroll to the bottom of this page.</strong><br></p><hr><p><u>The definition</u><br>The definition of a recursive function is rather simple: <i>A function that calls itself, until something causes it not to.</i></p><p>This means that to write a recursive function two elements must be present:<br><br></p><ol><li>Somewhere within your function, the function must call itself.</li></ol><p><code>function recursive(n){recursive(m)}</code> </p><p>As you can see in the example above, the function recursive calls itself again.<br>I have given it a different parameter when it calls itself again to demonstrate that you can feed a different value to the function if you wish, for example m ==n+1.<br>However, it is possible that m == n and thus the function calls itself again with the same parameter.</p><ol start="2"><li>There must be a reason for the function to stop calling itself, and return the result.</li></ol><p><code>function recursive(n){(if x == y) return z;  recursive(m)}</code> <br><br></p><p>Without the if statement, the function would keep calling itself and eventually your codewars solution would crash.<br>In this example, you could have x == m so that once a certain parameter is fed in to the solution, the recursion stops. This is often used to stop a function multiplying itself by 0.</p><hr><p><u>A working example of recursion</u><br>Imagine you want to print an array of numbers from a ... b. You could do this iteratively using a for loop. <br>However, you could also do it via recursion as per below.<br><br><br><code>let output = [];</code>//An output is created outside the function to store our result <br><code>function recursive(a,b){</code> // The function is called with a and b as parameters<br><code>output.push(a);</code>//We are pushing the <i>current</i> value of a to our output array<br><code>if(a == b) return output;</code>//We have an if statement that will stop the function from calling itself on the next line<br><code>recursive(a+1,b);</code>//We call the recursive function again , except we call it with the parameter a being 1 higher than before<br><code>}</code><br><code>recursive(1,3)</code> //Here we call the function to being the process and give it two values to count to.</p><p>How would this run?</p><p>First call: <br><code>function recursive(1,3){</code> // The function is called with 1 and 3 as parameters<br><code>output.push(1);</code>//The <i>current</i> value of a, 1, is pushed to our output array. Now <code>output == [1]</code><br><code>if(1 == 3) return output;</code>//1 does not equal 3 so the code after the if statement is not executed<br><code>recursive(1+1,3);</code>//We call the recursive function again , except we call it with the parameter a being 1 higher than before<br><code>}</code><br></p><p>Second call: <br><code>function recursive(2,3){</code> // The function is called with 2 and 3 as parameters<br><code>output.push(2);</code>//The <i>current</i> value of a, 2, is pushed to our output array. Now <code>output == [1,2]</code><br><code>if(2 == 3) return output;</code>//2 does not equal 3 so the code after the if statement is not executed<br><code>recursive(2+1,3);</code>//We call the recursive function again , except we call it with the parameter a being 1 higher than before<br><code>}</code><br></p><p>Third call: <br><code>function recursive(3,3){</code> // The function is called with 3 and 3 as parameters<br><code>output.push(2);</code>//The <i>current</i> value of a, 3, is pushed to our output array. Now <code>output == [1,2,3]</code><br><code>if(2 == 3) return output;</code>//3 does equal 3 so output is returned<br><code>recursive(2+1,3);</code>//This line of code is not executed because the function has returned a value so the recursive function no longer calls itself<br><code>}</code><br></p><hr><p><u>Your Task</u><br>You are on a set of stairs that are numbered 0 - 100 from top to bottom. You are given your starting stair number, a stride width (meaning how many stairs you step down at a time) and being walking down. Return an array containing every stair you step on, beginning from the lowest stair. Don't step below 0, it's Lava and you'll burn/fail the Kata.<br>A test is in place to check for the presence of for/while to ensure recursion is used so avoid using these terms in your solution.</p><p>If <code>width</code> is 0, clearly you're not going anywhere so please return an empty array.</p>