<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/57a23e3753ba332b8e0008da/train/javascript target="_blank">Password System</a></h2><h3>7 kyu</h3><p>In Star Labs we use password system to unlock the lab doors and only Team Flash is given the password for these labs. The password system is made of a <code>n x n</code> keypad (<code>n &gt; 0</code>).</p><p>One day Zoom saw Cisco using the password. He figured out that the password is symmetric about the centre point (the centre point for a <code>n x n</code> keypad will be the point with co-ordinates <code>(n / 2, n / 2)</code>). Now he has to try all possible symmetric combinations to unlock the door. Since he does not have enough time, he asks you to determine whether a given password is symmetric or not.</p><p>You will be given a flattened <code>n x n</code> binary grid containing elements as <code>0</code> if that key is not used and <code>1</code> if that key is used. You need to tell whether the given binary grid is symmetric according to the centre point. The grid might not be square; in that case you should return <code>"No"</code>.</p><h2 id="your-task">Your Task</h2><p>Write a function that takes an one-dimensional array of integers containing <code>0</code> and <code>1</code> as input and returning <code>"Yes"</code> or <code>"No"</code> depending on whether the given password is symmetric or not.</p><h2 id="examples">Examples</h2><ul><li><pre><code>[1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1] =&gt; "Yes"</code></pre><p>The given password is symmetric about the centre point. For ease of understanding, the above 1D array can be represented as follows:</p><pre><code>1  1  00  0  00  1  1</code></pre></li><li><pre><code>[1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1] =&gt; "No" </code></pre><p>This array cannot be represented as a <code>n x n</code> matrix, so it's     invalid.</p></li><li><pre><code>[1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0] =&gt; "No" </code></pre><p>This password is not symmetric along the centre point.</p></li></ul>