<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/59d727d40e8c9dd2dd00009f/train/typescript target="_blank">Easy Balance Checking</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><p>You are given a (small) check book as a - sometimes - cluttered (by non-alphanumeric characters) string:</p><pre><code>"1000.00125 Market 125.45126 Hardware 34.95127 Video 7.45128 Book 14.32129 Gasoline 16.10"</code></pre><p>The first line shows the original balance. Each other line (when not blank) gives information: check number, category, check amount. (Input form may change depending on the language).</p><p>First you have to clean the lines keeping only letters, digits, dots and spaces.</p><p>Then return a report as a string (underscores show spaces -- don't put them in your solution. They are there so you can see them and how many of them you need to have):</p><pre><code>"Original_Balance:_1000.00125_Market_125.45_Balance_874.55126_Hardware_34.95_Balance_839.60127_Video_7.45_Balance_832.15128_Book_14.32_Balance_817.83129_Gasoline_16.10_Balance_801.73Total_expense__198.27Average_expense__39.65"</code></pre><p>On each line of the report you have to add the new balance and then in the last two lines the total expense and the average expense.So as not to have a too long result string we don't ask for a properly formatted result.</p><h4 id="notes">Notes</h4><ul><li>See input examples in Sample Tests.</li><li>It <em>may</em> happen that one (or more) line(s) is (are) blank.</li><li>Round to 2 decimals your calculated results (Elm: without traling 0)</li><li>The line separator of results may depend on the language <code>\n</code> or <code>\r\n</code>. See examples in the "Sample tests".</li><li>R language: Don't use R's base function "mean()" that could give results slightly different from expected ones.</li></ul>