<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/67a35db1822f555d7aa4999b/train/typescript target="_blank">Recipe volume conversion: US to metric</a></h2><h3>6 kyu</h3><p>You have a recipe in <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_customary_units#Volume" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">United States customary units</a> (cups, teapoons, etc) and need to convert it to metric (milliliters).</p><hr><p>You will receive a string representing a single line in a recipe. You must return the ingredient name as well as the number of milliliters required.</p><p>About ingredient names:</p><ul><li>Do not return the ingredient name with any trailing whitespace</li><li>Return ingredient names with the same case as in the original input</li><li>Ingredient names may contain whitespace ("vanilla extract", "apple cider vinegar")</li><li>Ingredient names will never contain numeric characters, but may contain symbols ("Dutch-processed cocoa")</li></ul><p>About numbers and units:</p><ul><li>Number may be an integer, float, or improper fraction</li><li>Improper fractions are repesented by "x n/d" (ie, "2 1/4" means "two and one-quarter")</li><li>Unit names are not case-sensitive; unit abbreviations <em>are</em> case-sensitive</li><li>Unit names may be pluralized, unit abbreviations will never be pluralized</li><li>Unit abbreviations <em>may</em> be followed by a period <code>.</code> (eg, <code>oz.</code> or <code>t.</code>)</li><li>Since conversions are always approximate, tests use a range of ± 0.005</li></ul><p>About their arrangement:</p><ul><li>The ingredient name will not always come before the measurements, but will never be in between the numeric value and the unit (so "1 cup milk" and "milk 1 cup" are valid, but "1 milk cup" and "cup 1 milk" will not be tested)</li><li>There will always be exactly one space between the numeric value and the unit</li><li>The numeric value will always appear directly before the unit</li></ul><p>Examples:</p><pre><code>"Sugar 1 t" =&gt; ["Sugar", 4.9289];"Olive oil 3 Tbsp" =&gt; ["Olive oil", 44.3603]"1 1/4 cup milk" =&gt; ["milk", 295.7353]"2.5 ounces vanilla extract" =&gt; ["vanilla extract", 73.9338]</code></pre><p>Here is a table of conversions and abbreviations used:</p><table><thead><tr><th>Unit name</th><th>Abbreviations</th><th align="right">mL</th><th>Notes</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>teaspoon(s)</td><td><code>t</code>, <code>tsp</code></td><td align="right">4.928922</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>tablespoon(s)</td><td><code>T</code>, <code>Tbsp</code>, <code>tbsp</code></td><td align="right">14.78677</td><td>3 tsp</td></tr><tr><td>ounce(s)</td><td><code>oz</code></td><td align="right">29.57353</td><td>2 Tbsp</td></tr><tr><td>cup(s)</td><td><code>c</code></td><td align="right">236.5882</td><td>16 tablespoons, 8 oz</td></tr><tr><td>pint(s)</td><td><code>p</code>, <code>pt</code></td><td align="right">473.1765</td><td>2 cups</td></tr></tbody></table><hr><p>Footnotes:</p><p>In traditional imperial units, the conversion depends on whether the ingredient is dry or liquid; these are <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dry_measure" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">different sizes</a>. That is, one dry ounce is <em>not</em> equal to one fluid ounce. However, in US cooking specifically, this distinction is ignored. US units are also slightly different from standard imperial units. In this kata, we are using US cooking volumes, which ignore the distinction between liquid and dry. If only we could all be so lucky as to live in a country that uses sensible and reasonable units!</p>