<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/592ceef6af58a64c7f00003c/train/javascript target="_blank">GA-DE-RY-PO-LU-KI cypher vol 4 - Missing key madness</a></h2><h3>5 kyu</h3><h2 id="introduction">Introduction</h2><p>The GADERYPOLUKI is a simple substitution cypher used in scouting to encrypt messages. The encryption is based on short, easy to remember key. The key is written as paired letters, which are in the cipher simple replacement.</p><p>The most frequently used key is "GA-DE-RY-PO-LU-KI".</p><pre><code> g =&gt; a a =&gt; g d =&gt; e e =&gt; d  etc.</code></pre><p>The letters, which are not on the list of substitutes, stays in the encrypted text without changes.</p><p>Other keys often used by Scouts:</p><pre><code>PO-LI-TY-KA-RE-NUKA-CE-MI-NU-TO-WYKO-NI-EC-MA-TU-RYZA-RE-WY-BU-HO-KIBA-WO-LE-TY-KI-JURE-GU-LA-MI-NO-WY</code></pre><h2 id="task">Task</h2><p>Our scouts had party yestarday and they had too much milk and cookies. As the result all of them forgot the key. Your task is to help scouts to find the key that they used for encryption. Fortunately they have some messages that are already encoded. However they like order and cleanup. So they sorted all messages and encrytpted messages in alphabethic order. But... it means they do not know what encrypts to what...<br>Help the scouts to find their key.</p><h2 id="input">Input</h2><p>The function accepts two arrays. <br>The <code>messages</code> string array consists of lowercase characters. The strings on the <code>messages</code> array are scout's messages before encrytption. <br>The <code>secrets</code> string array consists of lowercase characters.<br>The strings on the <code>secrets</code> array are scout's messages after encrytption.<br>All strings in the <code>messages</code> and <code>secrets</code> have the same lenght (up to 20 characters). <br>The number of elements in the <code>messages</code> and <code>secrets</code> is equal and less than 6. <br>Every string from <code>messages</code> array after encoding is equal to one of elements in the <code>secrets</code> array (i.e. the 1st string from <code>messages</code> array afer encoding is equal to 5th string in the <code>secrets</code> array,  the 2nd string from <code>messages</code> array afer encoding is equal to 3th string in the <code>secrets</code> array, etc.). <br></p><h2 id="output">Output</h2><p>Return string should consist of lowercase characters only. The pairs of substitution should be ordered by the first letter of substitution. The letters in each pair should be in alphabethic order.</p><pre><code>ga  =&gt;  wrong ("g" should be after "a")ag  =&gt;  correctdeag  =&gt;  wrong ("de" should be after "ag")agde  =&gt;  correct</code></pre><h3 id="examples">Examples</h3><pre><code>messages = ["dance", "level", "right", "yours"]secrets  = ["dkucr", "elghy", "irvri", "tpnes"]As "akerilnuopty" can encode all secrets:messages[0] = encode( secrets[0], "akerilnuopty")messages[1] = encode( secrets[2], "akerilnuopty")messages[2] = encode( secrets[1], "akerilnuopty")messages[3] = encode( secrets[3], "akerilnuopty")</code></pre><h3 id="note">Note</h3><p>The key will have 12 letters, hence generating every possible key is not a viable approach. Try to solve the other katas from GADERYPOLUKI collection first. Then it might be easier for you to solve this kata. </p><h2 id="gaderypoluki-collection">GADERYPOLUKI collection</h2><table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" border="0"><tbody><tr><td><a href="https://www.codewars.com/kata/592a6ad46d6c5a62b600003f" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">GADERYPOLUKI cypher vol 1</a></td></tr><tr><td><a href="https://www.codewars.com/kata/592b7b16281da94068000107" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">GADERYPOLUKI cypher vol 2</a></td></tr><tr><td><a href="https://www.codewars.com/kata/592bdf59912f2209710000e9" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">GADERYPOLUKI cypher vol 3 - Missing Key</a></td></tr><tr><td><a href="https://www.codewars.com/kata/592ceef6af58a64c7f00003c" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">GADERYPOLUKI cypher vol 4 - Missing key madness</a></td></tr></tbody></table>